Sipher Web Academy: Hi, guys, welcome to the session.
Sipher Web Academy: Can you see my screen? Please confirm.
Sipher Web Academy: Can you? Can you see my screen?
Sipher Web Academy: Let me launch?
Sipher Web Academy: Do you drive?
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, see? Guys, your videos, Upki, right?
Sipher Web Academy: Some of the videos, like all the latest videos, have been already uploaded.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, so please do watch it.
Sipher Web Academy: Please do watch it.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay.
Sipher Web Academy: yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: So this is started, guys, please confirm Hamlugani. Stop words. Right bag of words.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeda, igucharda
Sipher Web Academy: dig in.
Sipher Web Academy: I'm never got back of words. One second, let me a debug area. Yes, okay, friends, okay.
Sipher Web Academy: So
Sipher Web Academy: I want to share account.
Sipher Web Academy: My, this call as a Google cloud from cloud account, so can tell me
Sipher Web Academy: who will be taking this?
Sipher Web Academy: I want somebody responsible. A person to to handle this cloud infrastructure
Sipher Web Academy: ticket means just create the group ticket. For example, suppose there are 200 people are there? Right? So just create the group of 20 or
Sipher Web Academy: 20 or 30 means 20 or 15 groups you can create. So I will create means, make a head acre
Sipher Web Academy: I will provide this my Gcp infrastructure account. So who will take care about this. Please confirm who will take care about this
Sipher Web Academy: bully con responsibility. Lega.
Sipher Web Academy: 8, 8. Grupto. Abdullah Abanalyna Abdullah is available.
Abdullah Masih: Decent.
Sipher Web Academy: Abdullah, your voice is not audible. Can you please speak? A little later.
Abdullah Masih: Hello! Hello! Am I not audible?
Sipher Web Academy: Huh!
Abdullah Masih: Am I not audible?
Abdullah Masih: Answer! Happy to have him.
Sipher Web Academy: Abki voice.
Abdullah Masih: Are we tiger, Sir Avitika.
Sipher Web Academy: No, brother, it is still once again. Let me let me arrange this.
Sipher Web Academy: if you need.
Abdullah Masih: Have you got a Youtube.
Sipher Web Academy: Can you hear me out.
Sipher Web Academy: guys? Can you hear me now?
Sipher Web Academy: Hello! Hello.
Sipher Web Academy: Abdullah Iqbar Boli prison.
Abdullah Masih: Sir May. Yes, sir, but I have already been booked in a room.
Sipher Web Academy: Maybe like year from like.
Sipher Web Academy: Now, half thing like, now it is okay, perfect.
Abdullah Masih: Okay.
Sipher Web Academy: So I'll so they go 8 user account. So I'll create. Okay.
Sipher Web Academy: the A user I will create for Abdullah. My requirement is key.
Sipher Web Academy: I want to share this Gcp account model, right? So
Sipher Web Academy: key services could use curtain that is, carry guarding.
Sipher Web Academy: So Moojay, basically.
Sipher Web Academy: custom users say, Yay.
Sipher Web Academy: 8 users maintain Garega.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, so Abdullah Gmail account vatana
Sipher Web Academy: guys, please share.
Sipher Web Academy: Can you please share your Gmail account?
Abdullah Masih: Sorry screen. Freeze over here, sir. Hello.
Sipher Web Academy: Hello!
Sipher Web Academy: Am I audible? Hello.
Sipher Web Academy: guys, please confirm. Am I audible or not? I think my voice is audible. Everybody.
Sipher Web Academy: Nadim, can you please confirm our Sa.
Daniya Kulsum Zaidi-AIIUL46: Yeah, you are audible.
Sipher Web Academy: Huh! Audio Abdullah, your side. It is issue at your site. Please confirm. Okay.
MOHD UMAIR ANSARI: Yes, sir, how are you.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, Gmail accounts
Sipher Web Academy: or your classroom gmail account classroom. May Joapka head email.
Daniya Kulsum Zaidi-AIIUL46: Yes, sir. Seir.
Sipher Web Academy: One second, let me get this done.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay?
Sipher Web Academy: So
Sipher Web Academy: okay, that's great.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay? So what I will do, I will import these all students list one second. Let me get email.
Sipher Web Academy: dig it.
Sipher Web Academy: Email, hey, email it?
Sipher Web Academy: Okay.
Abdullah Masih: Yes, Sarabajari Sarab, King.
Sipher Web Academy: What I'm telling is I'll Gcp car account share right, and everybody will get some limitation limits limits, miss some credit limits. You will get wisely. Use Kariega, and please do not spam.
Sipher Web Academy: otherwise your account will be blocked.
Sipher Web Academy: Is this clear for everybody.
Daniya Kulsum Zaidi-AIIUL46: Yes, sir.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, subco coach credits Millenge in order to test
Sipher Web Academy: your Apis. Okay, do not spam. Otherwise it will like, okay.
Sipher Web Academy: so please wait for one or 2 days you will get the receive the mail. Okay.
Sipher Web Academy: so this is all about discussion. What you have to do. You.
Abdullah Masih: Set up.
Sipher Web Academy: Bully.
Abdullah Masih: There are mera mail.
Sipher Web Academy: Basically admin user. Because the point is, I cannot individually. So I need one admin account, and that will person. That person will be taking care about these few things.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, that's why I was asking rather than.
Sipher Web Academy: okay.
Sipher Web Academy: So
Sipher Web Academy: So last session. So I'm going to discuss, please confirm everybody
Sipher Web Academy: and bag of words discuss karliata. Now my current topic of the discussion is, sir, I have to discuss if and idf, okay, idf.
Sipher Web Academy: idf and idf. So what is, sir? This? So they go tf kamatla vota ahead
Sipher Web Academy: term frequency document term frequency.
Sipher Web Academy: You good document, turn frequency, or the id of kamala votae inverse inverse document frequency suddenly.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, so generally moral of the story. Available
Sipher Web Academy: patterns for sacta, yeah, available matrix for Sacta.
Sipher Web Academy: Overall discussion means we have already discussed right? But
Sipher Web Academy: now, so, sir, what is our main discussion? So Abamco, discuss Kanahai. If if idea vectorization.
Sipher Web Academy: okay, so generally, typical topic discussion, time, lunga. So let me add this, the topic name is TF.
Sipher Web Academy: Idf vectorization, say hut. Again.
Sipher Web Academy: tfa tf, stands for term of frequency. Term of frequency. Next, sir, idf, kamat love idf inverse document, frequency.
Sipher Web Academy: sir, it is a tool.
Sipher Web Academy: It is a tool. As a tool. Basically, you can say it is a statistical tool or measure statistical tool or
Sipher Web Academy: measure used to used to evaluate, used to evaluate.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah, evaluate Karnaga. Kamata used to evaluate how important
Sipher Web Academy: a word is in a document.
Sipher Web Academy: See the web in a document or collection, or paragraph or corpus. CD, one can negamata be ahead t
Sipher Web Academy: tm, tf, or idtf, tf, or Idf. Term frequency or idf inverse document frequency. So basically statical tool.
Sipher Web Academy: Given corpus yoga, you are given documents. Yoga, you are given paragraph Yoga, you are given collection paragraph, corpus. Whatever it is given.
Sipher Web Academy: One thing is very sure, that Jobi words jobi, unique words, unique words, may be considered as a word. So out of looking into the importance.
Sipher Web Academy: Have you heard? Have you? Have you learned this concept called? Have you learned learned this concept called, as concept concept called as
Sipher Web Academy: concept poses, significant figures, significant figures. Yesunaya.
Daniya Kulsum Zaidi-AIIUL46: Yes, sir, so now.
Sipher Web Academy: So significant figures. Basically. Yeah. Okay, significant figures here. But
Sipher Web Academy: significant figures, significant figures, significant figures, least important, most important. Left hand side left hand side. Significant figures right.
Sipher Web Academy: Try to.
Abdullah Masih: But other setting are as well.
Sipher Web Academy: Tervine.
Abdullah Masih: But don't even.
Sipher Web Academy: Hello!
Aditya Kumar AIIUL07: Are you able to?
Aditya Kumar AIIUL07: Who is static luxury? Beach, Beachman.
Sipher Web Academy: Static matlab static method.
Abdullah Masih: My love.
Abdullah Masih: Radio noise, rri abibr echo where you was. Adav.
Sipher Web Academy: And go to you.
Sipher Web Academy: It's
Sipher Web Academy: up to you again.
Sipher Web Academy: A pige.
Abdullah Masih: Hello!
Sipher Web Academy: How do you appear?
Aditya Kumar AIIUL07: Previous or previous.
Sipher Web Academy: Better than before or not.
Rohit Bhardwaj_AIIUL170: Yes, sir.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, tickets. What I was telling is key
Sipher Web Academy: significant figures. What are these significant figures? So significant figures? Left? Most significant figure, right? Most significant figure. Important? Right?
Sipher Web Academy: Given corpus. Okay? Importance. Right?
Sipher Web Academy: Dig in.
Sipher Web Academy: Question here. And kimcha here. Why do we need it?
Sipher Web Academy: Why do we need it?
Sipher Web Academy: You are working in some text data, also text data, blog Osakhtag, equally important, Niyhongy, ye Harjaga
Sipher Web Academy: or memory size B company, right?
Sipher Web Academy: So if Df Vo basically cons of world cons of world. Basically, suppose
Sipher Web Academy: you are working in some text data text data like, Sir, email article blocks, right?
Sipher Web Academy: Is via Camgareo.
Sipher Web Academy: Now, there may be a chance, maybe a chance
Sipher Web Academy: chance that all words that all words are not equally important, correct.
Sipher Web Academy: sorry. The world have equally important Nahi as a chance who's apply
Sipher Web Academy: as a host of these articles are awards were equally important now, so the common version.
Sipher Web Academy: so the common words, like like, is hogya da hogya, was hogya.
Sipher Web Academy: These are kind of what stop words. These are kind of stop words, tiger, or in the
Sipher Web Academy: correct, these have very less. These have very less a weight edge.
Sipher Web Academy: Weightage, weightage, or importance was also clear up
Sipher Web Academy: to get hands.
Sipher Web Academy: TFI, dfa, okay, health in finding the important words
Sipher Web Academy: in the given document
Sipher Web Academy: that are less frequent in a in a data that are less important in global context.
Sipher Web Academy: Did you get
Sipher Web Academy: Matlab Jinka global context, context, Matlab, meaning Jinka, global context may least important importance to Kamuta. But
Sipher Web Academy: current document may Zada importance for that. But current document may more importance for that.
Sipher Web Academy: What is the formula?
Sipher Web Academy: Kingdom for me.
Sipher Web Academy: What is the formula of the if idf, to use a formula out.
Sipher Web Academy: Agara, put tf, calculator. Calculate tf
Sipher Web Academy: together. So TF. 4 T.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay? Number of times. Okay, basically, your T have where T stands for a term
Sipher Web Academy: where T stands for term term stands for term
Sipher Web Academy: where T stands for term Yadrama. Okay, so
Sipher Web Academy: tf, calculate so number of times. Term T.
Sipher Web Academy: Term 3 appears in the document appears in the document appears in the document
Sipher Web Academy: term bowling, right. So tf, calculate technically, Mr.
Sipher Web Academy: Do you get to make agarata.
Sipher Web Academy: sir? Number of terms T. Again, number of terms T. Appear in a document upon total number of terms in a document
Sipher Web Academy: divided by total number of
Sipher Web Academy: total number of basically.
Sipher Web Academy: Matt's.
Sipher Web Academy: yeah, yeah, okay, the total number of basically summation and Kiska terms, summation of the terms
Sipher Web Academy: Summation Level total number of terms. Yeah, up summation at auto, basically, total number of terms available
Sipher Web Academy: total number of terms in the document.
Sipher Web Academy: Jk, e formula simple.
Sipher Web Academy: I got tf calculated by total number of terms in a document. Tf, calculate, for example, like example, of that
Sipher Web Academy: Mallo Keikhai. If the word is Malwake world, a word, a happy, acquired. I'm also happy.
Sipher Web Academy: They get happy to the happy world, happy world! Appear! Whoa! 3 times, in a hundred word
Sipher Web Academy: in a hundred word document, or 100 words.
Sipher Web Academy: Happy Gilead!
Sipher Web Academy: So happy to calculate.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah, you good frequency.
Sipher Web Academy: Kabibi Kizigi, simple Kishi Gibby frequency neo sakti itana. Important name utani importance nayosaki.
Sipher Web Academy: in terms of the frequency distribution.
Sipher Web Academy: something like, they say, basically MoD more upon total and
Sipher Web Academy: board upon total
Sipher Web Academy: done.
Sipher Web Academy: Take a year. Clarity. This is mode of one total, sir, next one
Sipher Web Academy: next one in words or document, in words or document.
Sipher Web Academy: Inverse document. Frequency ticket is cooked as a calculator thing.
Sipher Web Academy: it's cook as a calculator thing, basically. Idf, what is idf, sir? Idf, basically, it is a measure.
Sipher Web Academy: It is a measure Acha inversely, kaina inversely inverse ulta.
Sipher Web Academy: So agar agar tf, Kitani bar
Sipher Web Academy: inverse document frequency basically inverse of tf, inverse of tf, so inverse of Tfu document
Sipher Web Academy: basically inverse it is a inverse of it, is a inverse or complementary of complement, of
Sipher Web Academy: complement of Kiska idfka, Idfka complimented tfka complimente frequency, how frequent.
Sipher Web Academy: how frequent a world has been seen
Sipher Web Academy: how frequent the world has been seen
Sipher Web Academy: to idf, to idf kiabatayga idf batayaga! How rare.
Sipher Web Academy: how rare the world has been seen, how rare.
Sipher Web Academy: how rare the world has been seen. Very simple.
Sipher Web Academy: Top 10 formula. Typical, sir. Idf.
Sipher Web Academy: Equal to idea, for the term idea for the term can be calculated by idea, for the term can be calculated by Sir Log of log of total number of frequency. Sorry. Total number of the documents.
Sipher Web Academy: Total number of the documents divided by Loganda Re.
Sipher Web Academy: Like the account you get divided by one plus number of documents containing entem containing end terms.
Sipher Web Academy: Dig it
Sipher Web Academy: so total number of documents divided by one plus number of documents containing number of documents containing such terms.
Sipher Web Academy: Example, malloc. If you have 1,000 documents, yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: 1,000 documents, 1,000 documents, 1,000 documents and 1,000 documents. May word happy ri, happy Arai!
Sipher Web Academy: 1,000 documentai kishme appear, appear 10 times.
Sipher Web Academy: appears 10 times basically formula as per formula, according to the formula atf. According to the formula, Jagas are log of
Sipher Web Academy: log of 1,000 butta 1,000, butta one plus 10 simple Sir Digger there.
Sipher Web Academy: which implies that Kitnaga get married.
Sipher Web Academy: They can do. Vi, calculate the liver. That's it.
Sipher Web Academy: Scientific calculator, scientific calculator,
Sipher Web Academy: The scientific calculator. So in case of machine learning or the B app aiml during a so scientific calculator is allowed to you. Tiga scientific calculator calculation.
Sipher Web Academy: I wasn't up. Interview face to face. Interview. Okay, that's it.
Sipher Web Academy: Absar up, Sir mujay calculate Karnahe.
Sipher Web Academy: tf idf form calculator. Now tf, idf calculator. Now tf, idf
Sipher Web Academy: tf idf calculate for tf term right
Sipher Web Academy: cusco multiply tf term term for the Matlab
Sipher Web Academy: term frequency formula, same loop tfq. Value for the Tf term, or if idfk value nikalte matlab inverse term, frequency inverse inverse term, frequency. Value
Sipher Web Academy: inverse term frequency value. Calculate karte for 10th term. Calculate karte upon karta. Multiply Karti, that's it.
Sipher Web Academy: You are clear again.
Sipher Web Academy: Mathematical terms. Mathematical terms.
Sipher Web Academy: That's it.
Sipher Web Academy: Dig in is coming. Example. Batam.
Sipher Web Academy: So that's it, Malo. We have a word. Happy.
Sipher Web Academy: We have a word. Happy Giga word appear that occurs
Sipher Web Academy: very often. Okay, very often in one document in one document, but
Sipher Web Academy: it rarely occurs, but it rarely occurs.
Sipher Web Academy: But it really occurs in other documents, emat level, global context documents.
Sipher Web Academy: Vasan, M. Ariguni.
Sipher Web Academy: Just say, for example, iguas Mota.
Sipher Web Academy: ss, amjo, T. Upsc. 8. After universal setting upsc universe upsc.
Sipher Web Academy: Civil services, upsc civil services. Upsc civil services. Point of view double something.
Sipher Web Academy: IS kids beta valid in yes or no
Sipher Web Academy: bite colonyna.
Aditya Kumar AIIUL07: That is a ruining.
Sipher Web Academy: Me, but most of the cases may are bittek value selection gig, ready.
Aditya Kumar AIIUL07: The other app. Honestly, tickets are dependent.
Aditya Kumar AIIUL07: It can be anybody.
Sipher Web Academy: Example later on. But global context no.
Sipher Web Academy: no. Isbat Ki guaranteeh humanities. Vallehe voto civil services.
Sipher Web Academy: a point of expect per tuski frequency, Tige overall level.
Sipher Web Academy: overall level. But job reality level dig in.
Sipher Web Academy: Your concept is Seedacida
Sipher Web Academy: done.
Sipher Web Academy: He there!
Sipher Web Academy: Anubhavi's tellings are Biharvade.
Sipher Web Academy: How you can apply the concept of the concept implement tf, or idea.
Sipher Web Academy: Here we will use use case use case.
Sipher Web Academy: Sir. Use cases is a feature extraction.
Sipher Web Academy: Take a feature extraction from Ml. Models. Feature extraction from Ml. Models.
Sipher Web Academy: Ml. Models, feature, extraction, document may differences or similarities
Sipher Web Academy: basically is concept, anomaly, anomalies, similarity, similarity, enamolis and searching
Sipher Web Academy: search engine point behind tik, keyword, extraction, keywords, extract, karnahu.
Sipher Web Academy: you got to yay, yay, or etc. Etc.
Sipher Web Academy: Tf, idf is very, very good documents. Similarity differences, exceptionalities.
Sipher Web Academy: Document difference and document similarity. We have used karsakteo search engine keywords, extraction, basically see keywords, extraction, keywords, information, etcetera, etcetera.
Sipher Web Academy: Idfka.
Sipher Web Academy: So notebook create karaoh notebook
Sipher Web Academy: yabranam to meska now, look around tf, idf vectorization technique.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, very simple. Right markdown, I Af term frequency
Sipher Web Academy: term frequency with inverse document frequency vectorization technique, okay vectorization technique
Sipher Web Academy: or is to calculate. Connect liam tf, Nikalte tf, for tf
Sipher Web Academy: TF of tf multiplied by TIDF idf for ticket. Simple from psychet. Learn
Sipher Web Academy: Jk from scikit-learn, sk learn, basically scikit-learn, dot feature, extraction, feature, underscore extraction ticket, dot text import import dig. Once again. This is code only import garo genre capital t Sota, F
Sipher Web Academy: T was capital. Tf, Idf, ticket vectorizer, basically vectorizer, user vectorizer.
Sipher Web Academy: Leban gardag is in boardwagony.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, properly, Keliktam documents.
Sipher Web Academy: Ticket documents. Link or documents. May, may.
Sipher Web Academy: you can. As a list layout you cannot as a text, but as a list lay down.
Sipher Web Academy: He got police later on.
Sipher Web Academy: Documentalika.
Sipher Web Academy: I love machine learning.
Sipher Web Academy: Nlb, he get yoga. Next manilika machine learning is always fun.
Sipher Web Academy: Next, yeah, like town. I love coding as well, Pierre, or smell like the town.
Sipher Web Academy: I can code my own machine learning models, machine learning models, documents.
Sipher Web Academy: You get
Sipher Web Academy: done. Yoga, merry document, vectorizer is equal to
Sipher Web Academy: Yaha perme is functiona use karunga.
Sipher Web Academy: Tf, tf, idf vectorizerga, or istema, basically transformed matrix transformed matrix Vananga transformed
Sipher Web Academy: matrix or transformed matrix Kilo imager, dot fit transform fit underscore transformed
Sipher Web Academy: or Yehab or Dalnua Jovi Dhamara documents, Delia Brendagar there transformed matrix bummer transform matters
Sipher Web Academy: done. Can you see this values nickel, raise tiggy next, omega cartahu basically my alligram extracting features, extracting
Sipher Web Academy: features. Agara, feature, extraizer vectorizer or vectorizer dot method, get feature names out, get underscore features.
Sipher Web Academy: feature, feature names, underscore. I as a output as output check method.
Abdullah Masih: Sorry you cannot scroll up.
Sipher Web Academy: X. Again X. Confound
Sipher Web Academy: column, transformer
Sipher Web Academy: hard again.
Sipher Web Academy: column, transformer, dot, get feature, underscore name, underscore dot out. It will prefix all the feature names that are required from the transformer, the transformer, vector may vectorizer say, Juby, a possible number of mil
Sipher Web Academy: done yet of it.
Sipher Web Academy: Oh, the Octon, he got. It's a feature extraction. Global.
Sipher Web Academy: Huh?
Sipher Web Academy: Iran Guardia Yelijah.
Abdullah Masih: Header, code, parallel, line.
Sipher Web Academy: You will know.
Abdullah Masih: Ain't bad hire, I tell you.
Abdullah Masih: Feature restraction.
Abdullah Masih: So scroll down Green, being as a team.
Sipher Web Academy: Do they?
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah, feature extraction.
Sipher Web Academy: then it's not clear
Sipher Web Academy: may convert Karte.
Sipher Web Academy: You guys connect them, basically transform mattress co converter in vectors vector matrix, my dispel thing.
Sipher Web Academy: Concert both in palais.to Eric.
Sipher Web Academy: Chutka chutka.
Sipher Web Academy: Very simple.
Sipher Web Academy: So this is how it is generated.
Sipher Web Academy: Nice, clearer to everybody.
Sipher Web Academy: If this is clear. Then please let me know
Sipher Web Academy: where's the town?
Sipher Web Academy: Please find the source code.
Sipher Web Academy: And Pdf, for the Tf. Idf.
Sipher Web Academy: Albar.
Sipher Web Academy: you good
Sipher Web Academy: done talking about Bria.
Sipher Web Academy: Clear air give is the amendment. Got them birthday? Aga.
Sipher Web Academy: abjatha. Very, very important, this economy world to work word to. Vec world 2 web training.
Sipher Web Academy: You get world to work. Basically, is it training and custom corpus.
Sipher Web Academy: vector we both think custom corpus.
Sipher Web Academy: Vector okay, basically, it's good training model could train Carnegie use case. This is used for training purpose. Also.
Sipher Web Academy: digger, or is me, basically, I'm looking both popular package. That means we have a package called as
Sipher Web Academy: Guinness Cake package.
Sipher Web Academy: Take a Gen. Jen Simkar, K.
Sipher Web Academy: Jen SIM, they get Jen. I don't know Gen. Sime. A good choice. Also airports dense.
Sipher Web Academy: Then symbol to bet. Yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: So yavo package, basically embedding spaganda, banana, kamata, Gen. SIM ticket.
Sipher Web Academy: the kind of topic modeling for human. So basically, world to web embedding.
Sipher Web Academy: So dedicated packages, Yoki is, do you get?
Sipher Web Academy: So it's my concept in this also.
Sipher Web Academy: In this concept, also.
Sipher Web Academy: we try to convert.
Sipher Web Academy: We are trying to convert
Sipher Web Academy: the text. 2 vectors take a textbook distribution package. Use Gen. SIM, package digger.
Sipher Web Academy: have a cookie ginseng package here. So definitely, you need to what download this
Sipher Web Academy: ticket definitely, you need to download this. So Jensen package download ticket it's called Rokunga.
Sipher Web Academy: or Yahabar may open Garunga code. Dot
Sipher Web Academy: search curtains, and SIM, please install Kashakartha
Sipher Web Academy: bye, bye, Meditte.
Sipher Web Academy: Jen, SIM,
Sipher Web Academy: you do together. This is what we are going to use.
Sipher Web Academy: So pip, install minus r download. Only data
Sipher Web Academy: yeah, that my office jupyter install Jupyter notebook Rungar dao
Sipher Web Academy: take Abdo world to world to Wakhana.
Sipher Web Academy: World 2 Vec.
Sipher Web Academy: Pre-trained model, but Lugi pre-trained, worldwide, pre-trained models pre-trained models who think
Sipher Web Academy: wo pre-trained models. 1.5 Gb's.
Sipher Web Academy: It's a Jada yoga plus 1.5. Gb's
Sipher Web Academy: okay. Model size automatically pre-trained model,
Sipher Web Academy: 1.5 Gb's Gb Kahoga it's. A heavy model. Ota, basically Otm to easily pre-trained model use.
Sipher Web Academy: World 2, vec, take a world to Vec training.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah. Custom corpus method. We both explore map already. But convert to
Sipher Web Academy: vector word, to vector word to Vec
Sipher Web Academy: world 2, Vec, also called as custom vectorization custom, vector, yeah, custom Corpus, vector, custom corpus, vector.
Sipher Web Academy: okay, multiple Lamen, Yadar Kiga, do. You guys were to Vec
Sipher Web Academy: training corpus custom corpus training custom corpus.
Sipher Web Academy: vector, okay, is co converter down me, that's it from Jen SIM ticket from Gensim dot models.
Sipher Web Academy: Gensim dot models import world. 2 Vec.
Sipher Web Academy: World, 2 world cup W. Capital ownership world. 2 week cup v. Capital, 1 2 week.
Sipher Web Academy: Chekartag.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah. Models.
Sipher Web Academy: I'm not confirmed. But let me check.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: Gensim dot model. Say, yes, from Gensim dot models import world to vec, say, yes, import over
Sipher Web Academy: up import. Basically downloader. Api downloader. Api Ota Karta Repository as
Sipher Web Academy: download. Yeah. As as like secure D Api D Api downloader Api.
Sipher Web Academy: Do you get downloader. Dr, yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: The Api, hey, Gabe.
Sipher Web Academy: the Api. So basically Api, so Gen SIM downloader, basically downloader.
Sipher Web Academy: Given model download gensim downloader as Api
Sipher Web Academy: sentences may basically a double list. Gonga individual individual level
Sipher Web Academy: to get those 3 Memolalia learning
Sipher Web Academy: is funelia than a corpus next.
Sipher Web Academy: Nlp comma is a
Sipher Web Academy: good part of 8 off generative comma AI done next.
Sipher Web Academy: Pierre Mca, dalunga world. 2 Vec were too wet creates
Sipher Web Academy: world 2 vector embeddings
Sipher Web Academy: vector embeddings together, too many as opposed to sentences. When I
Sipher Web Academy: actually, for example, accessible world to work.
Sipher Web Academy: world to make or is, may basically puts options, multi-threading, multi-course hotel
Sipher Web Academy: multicore. So there, or her process. K, under multiple multiple threads. Otay threads are basically lightweight processes
Sipher Web Academy: is vector, size bohot. But key vector, threads may execute.
Sipher Web Academy: You know, threats. Vectors.
Sipher Web Academy: Ya, as in book
Sipher Web Academy: God, you have a copy. The letter sentences use kurunga, yawa
Sipher Web Academy: vector, size lay around window 5, lay around minimum count, one layout or workers for char layout workers. Kamala, both are threats.
Sipher Web Academy: Workers come across basically multi-threading Karao.
Sipher Web Academy: Otherwise Tige.
Sipher Web Academy: okay?
Sipher Web Academy: But it's a latte.
Sipher Web Academy: Tell you on my printer. No vector vector, of world 2, vec.
Sipher Web Academy: model, economic model dot, wv, Wuta machine.
Sipher Web Academy: Do you get?
Sipher Web Academy: They can you see, you have basically vector, scientific notation, eq, power, 3,
Sipher Web Academy: Ak vector size, a is Ak vector computation, computation, value exponents which are here
Sipher Web Academy: scientific notation, something like 6.3 3 dot dot dot 10 to the power of 0 3.
Sipher Web Academy: Dig in model sev, dig in model. Say, both dig it.
Sipher Web Academy: Hear the model. Sebo.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, the app is called safe, constructive. Okay? I say, safe, conceptual
Sipher Web Academy: negili saving the model, how to save the model, so that we need not to perform
Sipher Web Academy: same same methods. Yeah. Same steps again, ready to use Chatana.
Sipher Web Academy: Same steps of actorization, same steps of actorization. Repeat, oh, dig it done!
Sipher Web Academy: You get.
Sipher Web Academy: then, the obvious go safe case carrying a control. V carrying a or do you say dig it?
Sipher Web Academy: This is it. Can you see this
Sipher Web Academy: world? Vec world? 2 vec dot model say vogue, can you say bogey? They could have. Hello.
Sipher Web Academy: world, 2 web dot model key abis models are there.
Sipher Web Academy: This is this is the way anybody can directly consume it.
Sipher Web Academy: Starting in a padega.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah. 4, 8 steps.
Sipher Web Academy: Do you get guys?
Sipher Web Academy: Is this, steps are clear? Everybody, please confirm everybody. Please confirm.
Anubhav Dixit AIIUL28: Yes, sir.
Sipher Web Academy: Only one person. What about others?
Sipher Web Academy: Magalu, Wakiowa, Adib, Adida ahead, and on accept.
mohammad zaki: Yes, I'm above.
Sipher Web Academy: Done. Now, yay, step clear. This step is okay. Are you able to understand? Yay.
Aditya Kumar AIIUL07: Answer at the end.
Sipher Web Academy: Not malia, basically Kaegi Google news, Google project manager.
Sipher Web Academy: Together, we will make, we will make Google news.
Sipher Web Academy: You get by using pre-tained world 2 vec.
Sipher Web Academy: At least concepts may implement right?
Sipher Web Academy: Okay? So. But Kiki badae time bi lagega chike
Sipher Web Academy: average world, 2 vec world 2 vec pre-trained world.
Sipher Web Academy: Muskan Muskan drum Malwa, I said, Aldia
Sipher Web Academy: or Yahour man. Newspaper news. Ri, your Google Candace, Ari, right? This is from Google news.
Sipher Web Academy: But Google Crawl Kara, the most that we'll see.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, tell them.
Sipher Web Academy: okay, okay, Buddy, to let me
Sipher Web Academy: may be shared it down.
Sipher Web Academy: Let me download this.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay by Elmijao.
Sipher Web Academy: Save Korea. File Medow
Sipher Web Academy: download. That data satisad. Do okay other way. Model execute name is Octa, basically scan that
Sipher Web Academy: open Tony Yoga. But you get Google classroom.
Sipher Web Academy: Please find the world to whack Pdf and notebook, source, code notebook or sport with exported model.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, that's it.
Sipher Web Academy: Is the Mne.
Sipher Web Academy: Open in New Tab Kiago, Jc. Open in new Tab Karoga option download Inca download Yagi option download
Sipher Web Academy: like systems are looking at Abi Hoga.
Sipher Web Academy: Hi, basan
Sipher Web Academy: chalo Abang!
Sipher Web Academy: How do I average will do it.
Sipher Web Academy: How to implement average world, 2. Work, dig it.
Sipher Web Academy: Average world, 2 vec, this can be same concept as
Sipher Web Academy: world to wake up. But 5 average world to wake up average world to wake up
Sipher Web Academy: average world to wake up either by
Sipher Web Academy: you. Do average world. 2. Okay, it is. It is lightweight.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah, it is lightweight, it is lightweight. Why? It is lightweight because
Sipher Web Academy: it is implemented. It is implemented on the top of, on the top of numbai.
Sipher Web Academy: Your subsets are the light weighted, easily. Average world to wear chicken, your average world to wear
Sipher Web Academy: average world? 2. Veg, do you have average world to? Veg, yeah. Average world to veg.
Sipher Web Academy: throw us a lightweight app.
Sipher Web Academy: Q lightweight, because Nampaika uses
Sipher Web Academy: used to find the mean
Sipher Web Academy: find to use use to find the mean of the world vector use to find the mean of the world. Vectors
Sipher Web Academy: to represent a sentence to represent the sentence, Matlab, Sida, Si da yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: Key words ke vector unco sentence may represent average word to it.
Sipher Web Academy: Most a lightweight package.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, how to implement average world. 2 vec, average world, 2.
Sipher Web Academy: Average underscore word, 2 vec, again, using no external library.
Sipher Web Academy: no external library of Nlp. Nlp. External library.
Sipher Web Academy: Be good tongue.
Sipher Web Academy: file, notepad.
Sipher Web Academy: Average world, 2 world together done.
Sipher Web Academy: or Yaholic town web in python to implement
Sipher Web Academy: implement average world, 2 week. Okay, Avj world to Vec, for example, average
Sipher Web Academy: dig it.
Sipher Web Academy: It's
Sipher Web Academy: average work to a ticket jelly as Np natively implemented function. Define average
Sipher Web Academy: underscore world, underscore. 2. World, 2.
Sipher Web Academy: Word underscore, 2. Underscore, vector, simple sentence, lunga or Bagal melunga model.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah. Lunga model longer.
Sipher Web Academy: Do you get
Sipher Web Academy: done.
Sipher Web Academy: Happy birthday.
Sipher Web Academy: I'm gathering Abigail Bado.
Sipher Web Academy: lowercase me convert 2 lowercase and split using sentence is split using space done.
Sipher Web Academy: Yoga 1st step ticketa hoja world. 2 vec.
Sipher Web Academy: World 2 vec. The world to vec is equal to
Sipher Web Academy: is equal to list, comprehension, list, comprehension for world in for e, for world, in words
Sipher Web Academy: you get, or your world words for each word in words, for each word in words.
Sipher Web Academy: model me, assign Gauru model metal, though see the
Sipher Web Academy: model M. Assigned in form of historicism, done
Sipher Web Academy: simple for each word in words, for each word in words. Agar, jo world. Johar is model.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, simple return. Np, dot mean world vector comma shape and axis, dimension, worldwide, Gurdunga. Otherwise
Sipher Web Academy: otherwise else mekea return Gurdunga, Np dot zeros return Gurdunga Np dot zeros, and without zeros zeros
Sipher Web Academy: ticket model dot vector underscore size, the input model dot vector underscore size done.
Sipher Web Academy: Yo, Olivia.
Sipher Web Academy: May I click down sentences
Sipher Web Academy: or sentences, ma'am, I like the tong machine learning is fun and amazing
Sipher Web Academy: vector equal to is called Garunga
Sipher Web Academy: sentence comma model.
Sipher Web Academy: a model, a model. Basically, Germany. Be safe.
Sipher Web Academy: Abby, Yanni, porto para a year world to Vec world, 2 vec or yapar malik dunga.
Sipher Web Academy: average world. 2 vec, vector Balma picks
Sipher Web Academy: sentences. Again, sir.
Sipher Web Academy: Str. Object has
Sipher Web Academy: Np, dot zeros model dot vector size.
Sipher Web Academy: It says, Yoga forward to either, though otherwise Np, dot zeros may vector sites.
Sipher Web Academy: So it's again.
Sipher Web Academy: I think his case man.
Sipher Web Academy: one second, a calm Gartai jumira Wuhe
Sipher Web Academy: import Jen SIM, dot models import word to Vec, GK,
Sipher Web Academy: ski uber
Sipher Web Academy: or Nietzsche Johe
Sipher Web Academy: Joe vector
Sipher Web Academy: yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: Big raya model banana, easy model. We utilize collective
Sipher Web Academy: tk.
Sipher Web Academy: average Walla Delika.
Sipher Web Academy: Or it's may basically sentence right? They come. Either Jatha or sentence Amish dengue.
Sipher Web Academy: okay? Or model. Kle may ask, model passcode.
Sipher Web Academy: average Kara, world to work is not tribal
Sipher Web Academy: do
Sipher Web Academy: world 2, vec is not a tribal, young lady.
Sipher Web Academy: yeah. To morally, EBTK.
Sipher Web Academy: It. Tom Garten, boy?
Sipher Web Academy: Go ahead ready made model utate.
Sipher Web Academy: Be good.
Sipher Web Academy: simple model yet, though already Bana Banayahe to my school. Use Nigarunga.
Sipher Web Academy: Maybe a dado. It's going out there right or
Sipher Web Academy: yes. Sentence sentence. Vasa vasa raga.
Sipher Web Academy: You can call lightweight joy model deep there
Sipher Web Academy: Tokyo lightweight model ecthen light.
Sipher Web Academy: Nate model for word to Vec to no world to weak hair lightweight model heck, yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: Most lightweight.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah, yeah. Glove glove glove. Use global alete, dig it.
Sipher Web Academy: Basically, they go like downloader.
Sipher Web Academy: Take idea. Basically, it's function upon a model. Raise an eye model. Look download.
Sipher Web Academy: They get up.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah, you're the one I add, or Machalaja average one to 8 may or average world.
Sipher Web Academy: Goodam.
Sipher Web Academy: Or yeah, you get or Yaha Uprega.
Sipher Web Academy: Have you downloaded?
Sipher Web Academy: This downloader will help in downloading the downloading. The required required model
Sipher Web Academy: model is equal to Api. Dot download Api dot
Sipher Web Academy: download of Api Api dot method load method for Yahoma Galugunga
Sipher Web Academy: lightweight, basically models lightweight model, like glove blue light weight
Sipher Web Academy: model for the world to Vec for world 2 Vec to the yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: Globe. Just economic, global, vector, global vector, basically world 2, vector, global vector to yahour.
Sipher Web Academy: can I say, use Karnahe.
Sipher Web Academy: Nam, dynam's gone
Sipher Web Academy: to get to Laza, Hello, Karetai.
Sipher Web Academy: yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: Hello, model Kannam.
Sipher Web Academy: Blue glove model download.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah.
Sipher Web Academy: Tk.
Sipher Web Academy: of the coyebola,
Sipher Web Academy: You? But I had
Sipher Web Academy: yeah
Sipher Web Academy: calm Gartagi Agar Maya coach or surface coach along
Sipher Web Academy: Rangaro.
Sipher Web Academy: There are missing one argument to be the lawyer run.
Sipher Web Academy: either can I incorrect model, name, or purpose?
Sipher Web Academy: To what is the name of the glove model download
Sipher Web Academy: the calm. Garunga put down latest code in Gauta or
Sipher Web Academy: Src.
Abdullah Masih: Hello!
Sipher Web Academy: Paddy.
Abdullah Masih: Sir, I'm Jensen install Garethar. I failed to activate Vs environment.
Sipher Web Academy: Lenny, Cacare.
Abdullah Masih: Sir, my Jensim installed Karata to Batara, failed to activate Vs environment.
Sipher Web Academy: Check!
Abdullah Masih: Hot head.
Sipher Web Academy: And upon the installed enough.
Abdullah Masih: G.
Sipher Web Academy: So I'm not.
Abdullah Masih: Can check. Hello, input.
Sipher Web Academy: I take a little.
Abdullah Masih: Nay, nay, Nayanda, nay, sorry.
Sipher Web Academy: So?
Sipher Web Academy: Oh, no.
Sipher Web Academy: they are actually modeled.
Sipher Web Academy: Key to Apan Kabi world. 2 vector models.
Sipher Web Academy: How to find the models list to model to open. Api legal way, printer Brental, I hunga Aliktam.
Sipher Web Academy: or you have electron list, may convert Karunga api.info api dot info infoban account info
Sipher Web Academy: enforce is equal to api.info.
Sipher Web Academy: I don'
Sipher Web Academy: you told Lilia. Think about Maria info kebara may information.
Sipher Web Academy: Matlab is model yeah. Packages.
Sipher Web Academy: Yes. Rx. Packages military to lunga models, underscore list
Sipher Web Academy: models, underscore list or Yaha Biliganga Info K under models.
Sipher Web Academy: basically go in a dictionary object to may ask yourself, models, Uttanga models or the model Sutanga.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, so the model. So talking about the models, a model, see? Basically a dictionary object program
Sipher Web Academy: to get a mail it down print
Sipher Web Academy: and a create dictionary object. Oga Melegi, model skill, list, model ski list, familiarity, myself.
Sipher Web Academy: ticket keys.
Sipher Web Academy: So print
Sipher Web Academy: list keys, bus yoke, dictionary, may keys with keys. Nikalunga.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah. There 3 keys, military Emoji or in keys. May
Sipher Web Academy: Giga world pre-trained vectors, Google news set multiple to Hamburg
Sipher Web Academy: or glove twitter, they go pre-trained wallaby per pre-trained wallaby,
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah. Yeah. Use calte globe. Wiki gigaworld piskaku is the calm gardena is cooked
Sipher Web Academy: or jammesh could downloading my account. Okay.
Sipher Web Academy: kese is part of a command guard de Tahung or
Sipher Web Academy: navy commander. They found you get a mask in each other, or Yahapar Likunga Api dot download Thana Api.
Sipher Web Academy: No model is equal to Api dot loads 50 K multiples.
Sipher Web Academy: You can download. Okay.
Sipher Web Academy: Model
Sipher Web Academy: Hyagara, Abdullah.
Sipher Web Academy: Steve.
Abdullah Masih: Jen Siminis, Colorado.
Sipher Web Academy: Environment, manarak, napne.
Abdullah Masih: No virtual environment, even.
Sipher Web Academy: Install Kartay or Kudukai package download Mariokovi. Same problem. It.
mohd maaz: Who's always a good angle.
Sipher Web Academy: Hey?
Sipher Web Academy: Y'all get it?
mohd maaz: Surface for salt, cassiguring.
Sipher Web Academy: So current version, okay, required spacy package or numpy package. Go install carrier.
Sipher Web Academy: Last time, virtual environment setup
Sipher Web Academy: malab, they go wow, telegateway together. Custom world to Vec, Hello, guys, someone, Maya.
mohd maaz: Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Sipher Web Academy: For example, 8 seconds, or you have purchase.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, Matlab Point here. This is Ss eyes.
Sipher Web Academy: Sowala, Huga, pakka, Huga, Sawala, or Abj says.
Sipher Web Academy: Matlab packet Matlab as a Samjuki Jsh. Model.
Sipher Web Academy: Lightweight version 50 MB. While I download Giata.
Sipher Web Academy: 128th pre-trained, model, whose pre-trained model.
Abdullah Masih: You don't have any problem. So virtual environment.
Sipher Web Academy: Art higa.
Abdullah Masih: Install Jemsen Kia to Nany Oraya.
Sipher Web Academy: Our idea is to activate, to grow. Yeah.
Abdullah Masih: Oh, can I say.
Sipher Web Academy: Hey? It's again
Sipher Web Academy: devote.
Abdullah Masih: Achavo. So scripts may also activate.
Abdullah Masih: Yeah, script.
Sipher Web Academy: Activate kardoge us que age Juby Apa. Cmd, Kapathana.
Sipher Web Academy: As I put one character asap, they go different. Yoga
Sipher Web Academy: video call abiscado vector roga heavy hair.
Sipher Web Academy: All right, there may be a chance.
Sipher Web Academy: What time Lagar is meant.
Abdullah Masih: Sir, do errors, security, error, Batara do errors, Batara. Security, error, Ps. Security, exception or unauthorized access.
Sipher Web Academy: Powershells, Etch.
Abdullah Masih: We escort my terminal for.
Sipher Web Academy: Vs, vs, let's go ahead, please.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah. But terminal, yeah. So terminal means administrative privileges or command prompt it.
Abdullah Masih: Command, prompt activate.
Sipher Web Academy: Command, deactivate command, prompt activate carrier.
Sipher Web Academy: Yeah, or iswhile vector, may differentiate come dimensions or Iska order, Iska reasoned.
Sipher Web Academy: I was on me.
Sipher Web Academy: Gigabyte loop.
Abdullah Masih: There you go!
Sipher Web Academy: Globe model.
Sipher Web Academy: Globe, average world, 2 vec, glove minus average world. 2 Kamga dot model. Average world to. Vec.
Sipher Web Academy: yeah, you model a okay. 10, M.
Sipher Web Academy: Embedding vector, or d, gay.
Sipher Web Academy: So Easter egg is a model. Who saved?
Sipher Web Academy: Hello, clear! Hey? Hi! Anna.
mohd maaz: Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay to buy equity steps, Jokie Maniago, Batay
Sipher Web Academy: tiger, or Yay world to Vetha.
Sipher Web Academy: So much money key Hamlog Asap correct.
Sipher Web Academy: But it's a Carnegie reasons.
Sipher Web Academy: Key Hammed. Ultimately, for example, semantic analysis card or Usme
Sipher Web Academy: process, Jada minor uptar rather than Amazon.
Sipher Web Academy: Okay, so thank you very much. Bye. Bye. Take care. Good night.
Abdullah Masih: It's better.
Sipher Web Academy: Paddy.
Abdullah Masih: Said, may I have to edit the contract.
Sipher Web Academy: Abdullah, what's up.
Abdullah Masih: Name yourself.
Sipher Web Academy: 829-95-0208, one, Amusko. What's up?
Abdullah Masih: Okay, sir.
Sipher Web Academy: Number is the M. And A.
Abdullah Masih: Tigers are diggers.
Sipher Web Academy: Oops!